Document new release workflow (#830)
Shopify/spoom: README.md

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.

## Releasing

### Bump the gem version

> - [ ] Locally, update the version number in [`version.rb`](https://github.com/Shopify/spoom/blob/main/lib/spoom/version.rb)

Reviewer: Nit

```suggestion
### Bump the gem version

- [ ] Locally, update the version number in [`version.rb`](https://github.com/Shopify/spoom/blob/main/lib/spoom/version.rb)
```

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.

## Releasing

### Bump the gem version

- [ ] Locally, update the version number in [`version.rb`](https://github.com/Shopify/spoom/blob/main/lib/spoom/version.rb)
- [ ] Run `bundle install` to update the version number in `Gemfile.lock`
- [ ] Commit this change with the message `Bump version to vx.y.z`
- [ ] Push this change directly to main or open a PR

### Create a new tag

- [ ] Locally, create a new tag with the new version number: `git tag vx.y.z`

> - [ ] Push this tag up to the remote `git push origin vx.y.z`

Reviewer 2: I think we can merge both sections and push in one command.

Maybe also use a numbered list for the steps?

```suggestion
## Releasing

1. Locally, update the version number in [`version.rb`](https://github.com/Shopify/spoom/blob/main/lib/spoom/version.rb)
2. Run `bundle install` to update the version number in `Gemfile.lock`
3. Commit these changes with the message `Bump version to vX.Y.Z`
4. Create a new tag with the new version number: `git tag vX.Y.Z`
5. Push to the remote `git push origin main vX.Y.Z`
```
